milk,dairy
cheese,dairy
egg,dairy
margarine,dairy
egg nong,dairy
sour cream,dairy
tofo,dairy
whip cream,dairy
yogurt,dairy
bagels,baked
brownies,baked
buns,baked
cake,baked
cheese bread,baked
cookies,baked
doughnuts,baked
muffins,baked
english muffins,baked
french bread,baked
pie,baked
pita,baked
bread,baked
tortillas,baked
asparagus,vegetable
avocados,vegetable
basil,vegetable
beets,vegetable
broccoli,vegetable
brussels sprouts,vegetable
cabbage,vegetable
carrots,vegetable
cauliflower,vegetable
celery,vegetable
chard,vegetable
chives,vegetable
cilanto,vegetable
collards,vegetable
corn,vegetable
cucumbers,vegetable
egg plant,vegetable
endives,vegetable
garlic,vegetable
green peppers,vegetable
kale,vegetable
kohlrabi,vegetable
lettuce,vegetable
mushrooms,vegetable
onions,vegetable
oregano,vegetable
parsley,vegetable
parsnips,vegetable
potatoes,vegetable
pumpkin,vegetable
radishes,vegetable
red peppers,vegetable
rutabagas,vegetable
spinach,vegetable
sprouts,vegetable
squash,vegetable
tomatoes,vegetable
yams,vegetable
yellow peppers,vegetable
zucchini,vegetable
apples,fruit
apricots,fruit
bananas,fruit
blueberries,fruit
cantaloupe,fruit
cherries,fruit
cranberries,fruit
grape,fruit
grapefruit,fruit
honeydew,fruit
kiwi,fruit
kumquats,fruit
limes,fruit
lemons,fruit
mangoes,fruit
melon,fruit
nectarines,fruit
oranges,fruit
papaya,fruit
peaches,fruit
pears,fruit
pineapple,fruit
plums,fruit
raspberries,fruit
strawberries,fruit
clams,seafood
cod,seafood
crab,seafood
flounder,seafood
halibut,seafood
lobster,seafood
mussels,seafood
oysters,seafood
red snapper,seafood
salmon,seafood
shrimp,seafood
tilapia,seafood
tuna,seafood
sword fish,seafood
beans,frozen
beef pot pie,frozen
berries,frozen
burger patties,frozen
burritos,frozen
carrots,frozen
chicken,frozen
chicken nuggets,frozen
chicken pot pie,frozen
chicken wings,frozen
corn dogs,frozen
fish sticks,frozen
french fries,frozen
ice cream,frozen
juice concentrate,frozen
mozzarella sticks,frozen
onion rings,frozen
pancakes,frozen
pasta,frozen
peas,frozen
perogies,frozen
pie,frozen
pizza,frozen
pizza snacks,frozen
popsicles,frozen
potato nuggets,frozen
ready bake treats,frozen
sorbet,frozen
stir fry,frozen
mixed vegetables,frozen
taquitos,frozen
tater tots,frozen
turkey,frozen
turkey pot pie,frozen
tv dinners,frozen
veggie burgers,frozen
waffles,frozen
bacon,meat
bologna,meat
chicken bologna,meat
chicken breast,meat
chicken legs,meat
chicken loaf,meat
chicken,meat
corned beef,meat
ground beef,meat
ground pork,meat
ham,meat
hamburgers,meat
hot dogs,meat
liver,meat
pizza,meat
pork chops,meat
roast beef,meat
salami,meat
sausage,meat
pepperoni,meat
steak,meat
turkey,meat
turkey breast,meat
veggie dogs,meat
veggie burgers,meat
all spice,spice
basil,spice
bay leaf,spice
cilantro,spice
cinnamon,spice
cloves,spice
garlic,spice
ginger,spice
meat tenderizer,spice
mint,spice
montreal meat spice,spice
oregano,spice
paprika,spice
parsley,spice
pepper,spice
salt,spice
alfredo sauce,sauce
apple sauce,sauce
chili sauce,sauce
bbq sauce,sauce
gravy,sauce
honey,sauce
hot sauce,sauce
hp sauce,sauce
jam,sauce
jelly,sauce
ketchup,sauce
marmalade,sauce
mayonnaise,sauce
meat sauce,sauce
mustard,sauce
nacho dip,sauce
olives,sauce
pasta sauce,sauce
peanut butter,sauce
pickles,sauce
relish,sauce
salad dressing,sauce
salsa,sauce
soy sauce,sauce
steak sauce,sauce
sweet & sour sauce,sauce
syrup,sauce
tartar sauce,sauce
tomato paste,sauce
tomato sauce,sauce
worcestershire,sauce
breath mints,snacks
candy,snacks
cheezies,snacks
chips,snacks
chips,snacks
chocolate,snacks
club soda,snacks
corn chips,snacks
dried fruit,snacks
granola bars,snacks
gum,snacks
hickory sticks,snacks
juice,snacks
mineral water,snacks
mixers,snacks
nacho chips,snacks
nuts,snacks
peanuts,snacks
pop,snacks
popcorn,snacks
pork rinds,snacks
pretzels,snacks
protein bars,snacks
sport drink,snacks
trail mix,snacks
laptop,electronics
phone,electronics
iphone,electronics
ipad,electronics
